c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\DMPNewsPortalTest.dll
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\DMPNewsPortalTest.pdb
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\DMPNewsPortalTest_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\DMPNewsPortalTest.g.resources
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\DMPNewsPortalTest.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\DMPNewsPortalTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\DMPNewsPortalTest.dll
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\DMPNewsPortalTest.pdb
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\obj\Debug\NewsDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\Nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Nibir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DMPNewsPortalTest\DMPNewsPortalTest\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
